LAB TEST 1
TIME : 2 HOURS
SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS:
1. Here is the submission template for Lab Test https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OS9ktmADuoclDQ4ja1xvj7HFVDPelnMnxt8EJhAeYgs/edit#
To use this template, click on File > Make Copy,  OR,   File > Download As
2. Using your own copy of the template, fill in the answers for question 1 and 2.
3. After you are finished question 1 and 2, submit your document (PDF or Word) to the test dropbox.





Question 1 – ERD DIAGRAM
15 MARKS

Question:
Using Crow’s Foot notation, draw an ERD diagram for the scenario described below. 
Your diagram must clearly state the labels and  cardinality for each relationship.
You are allowed to leave all M:N relationships in the ERD (but ensure that resolve them in your logical design)
Each entity must have a unique identifier and  have a minimum 3 additional relevant attributes.

Scenario
ABC college is a newly established community college in Toronto. Presently, their student registration “system” is manual and causes  a plethora of issues throughout the college.   As a result of the many issues, the president of the college  has mandated that a new information system be developed to address many of  the problems in the manual registration “system”.
You have been hired as a Database Developer to create a Student Registration System for the college.
Prior to starting this project, a Business Analyst at the college had worked with the president to determine the requirements for the new system.
Here is a list of what the system must do:
Identify which students  are registered for which classes.
Identify which instructor is assigned to which class.
Identify which classes are offered in a given semester.
Identify which  students are part time vs  full time.
Identify which students are undergraduate vs postgraduate.
Identify which  semester is the current active semester.
Each class has a unique identification number called a CRN (Class Registration number). 
Know when each semester starts and ends.
Know what is the subject area of each class and its associated description and credits.
Identify if classes are in-person or online.
Identify the room number  and  max capacity of each class. Room numbers and class capacity limits also apply to both in-person and online classes.
Other notable points produced in the System Analyst findings 
Each class is only assigned one Instructor and that said Instructor will be the Instructor for the entire semester.
Each class is only assigned to one room for the entire semester. 
All classes will only be offered one day in the week. Classes have a fixed start and end time.

Question 1 Submission Instructions:
You should use http://www.draw.io to create your diagrams
When finished, copy and paste your diagram into the submission document
Include a shared link to your draw.io diagram.
To properly share the draw.io diagram, click on the SHARE button

In the popup box, choose
Anyone with the link can edit






Question 2 – LOGICAL MODEL
10 MARKS

Using the ERD diagram you created in Question 1, construct a logical model for your diagram.
Use the following format:
RELATION (Primary Key, column2, column3, Foreign key)

Submission:
Put your logical diagram under Question 2 of the submission template.
